Welcome to House of Wellbeing.
You're listening to the
premenstrual tension MindTALK
audio.
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it does,
I'd like to remind you
that the following
audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that
aim to help you reach a
deep level of relaxation.
So please be sure that wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place,
free from distractions, where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you, and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now,
there's nothing at all
you need to do apart from close
your eyes, relax, and let go,
and enjoy the peaceful feelings
and all the benefits that
come with it.
In this deep and special
sleep, your subconscious mind,
for your safekeeping
monitors everything
that's happening around you.
So these suggestions, because
they're for your benefit,
go directly to your subconscious
mind, where they're accepted.
And these thoughts
become established,
firmly fixed deeply in
your inner mind, embedded.
So these suggestions
remain with you
long after you open
your eyes, helping
you to change those
things you want
to change for your own sake.
And these new forms
help you begin to change
the things you want to change.
And these changes allow you to
enjoy your life more and more.
And I want you now to
imagine that you're
checking your body to ensure
you become totally relaxed.
As your muscles relax, just
let your mind relax also.
Beginning with your
feet, feel your toes.
Stretch them, and feel
the texture of what
your feet are resting on.
And now, begin to
tighten your calves.
And allow them to relax now.
Allow that relaxation to
spread past your ankles,
up your calves, to the
back of your knees.
And feel those muscles
easing, resting comfortably.
Now, the large muscles of
your thighs, pull them tight.
Be aware of those
large muscles tensing.
Now, relax those muscle.
Feel them lengthen
resting comfortably.
Feel your legs as they sink even
deeper as you relax even more.
And notice how rhythmic
your breathing is becoming.
Now, your stomach muscles,
pull them together gently.
And now, let them expand
and relax comfortably.
Your shoulders and
the back muscles.
Flex your shoulders.
Feel those muscles
pull across your back.
And now, let your
shoulder slouch
as you relax the muscles.
And notice how your spine
sinks deeper into your chair
as you relax even more deeply.
And notice how easy and regular
your breathing has become.
Now, your finger tips and
fingers, clench them now.
Feel the tension.
And now, allow them to relax.
Allow the relaxation
to spread up your arms,
all the way up to your neck.
And make sure your neck is
comfortable with your head
in an easy position.
Tighten up your neck muscles.
Now, let those
columns of muscles
loosen as the muscles relax
and you allow your neck
to sink into the cushions
into a comfortable position.
Your facial muscles are flat
and stretched comfortably
across your face.
Squeeze up your face.
Feel the tension.
And now, relax those
muscles and feel
the lengthening and softening,
relaxing more than ever before.
You can now feel the air
temperature against your skin.
And it feels smooth
and comfortable.
And now, you can
allow the relaxation
to spread onto your skull,
knowing that you relax
throughout your body,
from the top of your head
to the tips of your toes.
Your body is now loose, and
limp, and heavy, and relaxed.
Notice how your body
is sinking deeper
into relaxation
as your breathing
becomes more regular and easy.
And in a moment, I'll
count slowly from 1 to 10.
And with each number, you
drift deeper and deeper
into peaceful relaxation.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6,
7, 8, 9, and 10.
Now feeling deeply relaxed.
And you find it easy to
focus your attention.
And you imagine
things very clearly.
I want you to
imagine that you're
standing on a balcony,
which has steps leading down
to a beautiful garden.
And as you look
into that garden,
you see it surrounded
with lovely trees,
ensuring the garden is private,
secluded, and peaceful.
There are flower beds
set in the lovely lawn.
And further along
is a waterfall,
flowing into a stream.
You listen to the
sound of the water.
As you look around
you, you see the trees.
And you hear a faint sound
of a bird in the distance.
Adding to the feeling
of deep relaxation
through your entire being.
If you look more
closely, you'll see
that there are five
steps leading down
to the garden and
then a small path that
leads to the waterfall.
And in a moment, we'll
walk down the steps.
And with each step, you
go deeper and deeper
into relaxation.
So let's begin.
As you put your foot
on the first step,
you feel yourself going
deeper into relaxation.
Down onto the second step.
As you feel your foot
firmly placed onto the step,
you feel a wonderful relief
as you drift even deeper
into relaxation now.
Down onto the third step.
Feeling wonderfully
free and so, so relaxed.
As your foot reaches
for the fourth step,
another wave of relaxation
drifts through your whole body.
Down onto the fifth step now.
Feeling even more deeply
relaxed than ever before.
And now as you find yourself
standing on the lawn,
you see a little way ahead.
A waterfall.
And you listen to the water
as it gently splashes.
You can notice the birds singing
in the distance and the sound
of the trees gently swaying.
And a little to the side is
a comfortable garden bed.
You notice the
color of the bench.
And in a moment, I'd like
you to walk over to the bench
and sit down on the bench
and now you sit down
and you surprised at just
how comfortable it is
and then you're
even more relaxed.
As you sit down on the bench,
you take a deep breath.
And as you breathe out, you
feel a wave of relaxation
go through your whole body.
Relaxing every
muscle, every now.
As you breathe in, you
breathe in positive thoughts.
And as you breathe out, you
breathe out negative thoughts,
leaving room for more positive
thoughts on this journey ahead.
I'd like you now to use your
wonderful, rich imagination now
to imagine a control
room of your mind.
So create a mental
image now in your mind.
Worth knowing which appears.
You just allow that
feeling to develop.
So in your mind, imagine now
that in front of you is a door.
It may be a white
door, or a wooden door,
or even a glass door.
It really doesn't matter.
Just imagine whatever
is right for you.
And I'd like you now to
reach out for the door handle
and just feel your hand
on the door handle now.
And it feels cool against your
palm as you open the door.
The door to the control
room of your mind.
Imagine now walking
into the control room,
and you're suddenly surrounded
by panels of switches,
and buttons, and knobs,
and colored lights
of different shapes and sizes.
And there's a
higher control room,
which can be reached
by climbing five steps,
and the door is closed.
You climb the steps to the
higher control room now,
and you push open the door.
You're now in a similar
room to the one below.
But here, it's much more like
a laboratory with rows and rows
of taps and tubes carefully
labeled and pushed
into alphabetical order.
All very organized.
And you look around until you
find the letter P and a round
dome.
And you notice now in very
large print of the words,
premenstrual tension.
And just think about
those words for a moment
and what the words
PMT mean in your life.
Perhaps, PMT causes
you to become angry.
Perhaps, it gives
you mood swings.
Or maybe it makes you feel
low or anxious at times.
Or perhaps, it's even
unreasonable and irrational
about things when
normally, you aren't.
Whatever it is, you
notice that the dial
is turned up way too high.
The dial on the word,
premenstrual tension,
is turned all the
way up to the top.
And you know you need
to turn down the dial.
So just gently take hold
of the dial right now,
and slowly begin to turn the
dial down one notch at a time.
And feel or hear it click
as it turns down your desire
to be in absolute control.
So right now, turn it down to
a much more acceptable level.
A level that you
instinctively know
is right, allowing you
to feel in control.
So just gently
ease back the dial
to a much more
comfortable level.
Feeling a sense of
relief now of being
able to go with the flow to
adjusting to changes in life.
Turning down your PMT and
being much more in control,
allowing hormones to adjust.
Taking in a deep breath
and letting it out slowly.
And you know that by being
in this calming state,
you're allowing your hormones
to settle and to regulate.
Meaning you're much more
able to be relaxed in life.
And far less likely to lose
control of your emotions
at the time of your
menstrual period.
And as you do this, amazing
things begin to happen.
The chemicals in your
brain become regulated,
and you feel a warm inner
glow deep within you.
And you can really feel it now.
You can feel and experience
that warm inner glow.
Small at first, but then
spreading within your body.
Because you're going to
find that now every month,
you are much more relaxed
than you've ever been before
in your monthly cycle.
And as you start to relax,
your mind becomes clearer.
And you feel so calm
inside and in control.
And your real personality
starts to shine through.
How you feel the
majority of the time,
feeling normal
throughout the month.
And as you start to
feel more relaxed,
you automatically feel happier.
Happier in general and much
more relaxed to laugh at life,
to feel lighter.
To be able to laugh
at yourself sometimes.
And this frees you
up to have fun.
And others enjoy your company
for the wonderful person
that you are.
So every month, you simply
adjust that switch in a way
that your subconscious
mind automatically knows
is correct for you.
And in doing so, you
soon begin to notice
that you feel more relaxed
and calm than you ever have
before in your monthly period.
And you feel in control in
a much more flexible way.
And you can scan your body
for any chemical imbalance
that may have contributed
to your mood swings.
And you know that there's
an area in your brain, which
controls the hormones and how
urothelial body can gently
persuade those hormones to
balance much more evenly.
All higher vibrations can
influence the lower ones
in a positive, healthy way.
Helping them to function
with one another.
So go deeper now, taking
another deep breath.
And let it out slowly.
You are free.
You are in control.
Hear those words in your mind.
And repeat in your
mind, I can be free.
I can be in control.
You may want to practice saying
those words in different ways,
placing emphasis
on different words.
Listening to them spoken
by a different voice.
And if you like hearing my
voice in your mind saying,
I can be free, I'm in control.
And perhaps in the past, your
personality may have changed.
How you gave in to
your moods and felt bad
for the next few days.
But this time, you're prepared.
And you know that
your body needs
to balance those hormones.
You know you can dial down
your PMT in your control room.
so should you notice
any change no matter
how slight you now
know you're in control
and you repeat
yourself, I can be free.
I am in control.
And you can be free.
Free from discomfort.
Free from those mood swings.
Free from any negative thoughts,
or feelings, or emotions.
You are free, and
you're in control.
Notice at first how
much calmer you are.
So calm, and so relaxed,
and at peace with yourself.
And the calmness extends
and radiates out from you.
And you surprise the
people around you
with your newfound
ability to relax.
To feel good in the lead-up
to your monthly period.
And you really don't need
those old premenstrual symptoms
anymore.
You're free.
Free from the old you.
The happy you.
In control, always
rational and reasonable.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind,
and they'll become
more and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count up from one to five
to awaken you.
And at the count of five, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling
fantastic, bringing back
with you all the
wonderful new feelings.
Coming back now with one,
two, three, four, and five.
Allow your eyes to
open when you're ready.